>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
our next task is to implement map.
What are some things we may want to
consider when we're implementing map?
What's the difference between
when we implemented each?
>> Speaker 2: Map returns an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yup.
Map returns an array.
So we'll need to.
Have a return statement
in there somewhere.
We'll need to create an array,
perhaps, to store data.
What's the same, what's similar?
>> Speaker 2: Iterates through each.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm,
yeah, iterates through a list.
Exactly.
So, there's two ways you can do this,
you guys are gonna hate me.
But, the first way you can
do it with a loop, right?
Second way is that you can use each,
instead of a loop, so.
That's the task.
Are you guys ready?
Any questions before we get started?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we're gonna implement map just like we
implemented each.
>> [BLANK AUDIO]